Refine DNS documentation and FAQs (#22420)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/1.1.1.1/encryption/dns-over-https/make-api-requests/dns-json.mdx

| Field              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Status`           | The Response Code of the DNS Query. The codes are defined here: [https://www.iana.org/assignments/dns-parameters/dns-parameters.xhtml#dns-parameters-6](https://www.iana.org/assignments/dns-parameters/dns-parameters.xhtml#dns-parameters-6). |

> If the `TC` field is true, the DNS answer exceeds the size of a single UDP or TCP packet. With Cloudflare DNS over HTTPS, the `TC` field is almost always false because Cloudflare supports the maximum response size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `TC` | If the `TC` field is true, the truncated bit was set. This occurs when the DNS answer exceeds the size of a single UDP or TCP packet. With Cloudflare DNS over HTTPS, the `TC` field is almost always false because Cloudflare supports the maximum response size. |
```

| `AD`               | If true, it means that every record in the answer was verified with DNSSEC.                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `CD`               | If true, the client asked to disable DNSSEC validation. In this case, Cloudflare will still fetch the DNSSEC-related records, but it will not attempt to validate the records.                                                                |
| `Question: name`   | The record name requested.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> The types of DNS records requested are defined here: [https://www.iana.org/assignments/dns-parameters/dns-parameters.xhtml#dns-parameters-4](https://www.iana.org/assignments/dns-parameters/dns-parameters.xhtml#dns-parameters-4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Question: type` | The type of DNS record requested. These are defined here: [https://www.iana.org/assignments/dns-parameters/dns-parameters.xhtml#dns-parameters-4](https://www.iana.org/assignments/dns-parameters/dns-parameters.xhtml#dns-parameters-4). |
```
